Implemented new docs structure (#53)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/develop/how-to-guides/spaces/CreatingSpaces.md

---
id: create-spaces

> title: Create and update Spaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Create And Update Spaces
```

displayed_sidebar: developSidebar
---

> **This sections covers how to create and update space on Subsocial blockchain.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This sections covers how to create and update spaces on the Subsocial blockchain.**
```
